---
layout: post
title: a post with table of contents
date: 2023-03-20 11:59:00-0400
description: an example of a blog post with table of contents
tags: formatting toc
categories: sample-posts
giscus_comments: true
related_posts: false
toc:
  beginning: true

---
```yml
toc:
  beginning: true
```

## How Board Games Shaped My Life


Board games are more than just a hobby for me. They are a way of life. Ever since I was a kid, I have been fascinated by the different worlds and stories that board games can create. I have a closet full of board games, and each one has a special meaning for me. They have taught me valuable lessons, inspired me to pursue my passions, and challenged me to grow as a person. In this blog post, I will share some of the board games that have shaped my life and how they have influenced me.

### Dinosaur Island: A Lesson in Persistence and Perseverance

Jean shorts raw denim Vice normcore, art party High Life PBR skateboard stumptown vinyl kitsch. Four loko meh 8-bit, tousled banh mi tilde forage Schlitz dreamcatcher twee 3 wolf moon. Chambray asymmetrical paleo salvia, sartorial umami four loko master cleanse drinking vinegar brunch. <a href="https://www.pinterest.com">Pinterest</a> DIY authentic Schlitz, hoodie Intelligentsia butcher trust fund brunch shabby chic Kickstarter forage flexitarian. Direct trade <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold-pressed_juice">cold-pressed</a> meggings stumptown plaid, pop-up taxidermy. Hoodie XOXO fingerstache scenester Echo Park. Plaid ugh Wes Anderson, freegan pug selvage fanny pack leggings pickled food truck DIY irony Banksy.

### Example of another Sub-Heading 1

Dinosaur Island is a game where you have to create and manage your own Jurassic Park. You have to buy dinosaurs, set up attractions, and prevent the dinosaurs from escaping and eating your guests. It sounds fun, but it is also very hard. The game has many rules and components, and it is easy to lose track of everything. I was introduced to this game when I was thirteen by my uncle, who was a master at it. He would always beat me, no matter what I did. But I never gave up. I kept trying different strategies, such as changing my dinosaur types, rearranging my park layout, or stealing his dinosaurs. I learned to think ahead and plan for the future. I learned to be persistent and persevere in the face of difficulties.

This game helped me later in life when I faced a challenging math course in junior year. The course was way above my level, and I struggled to keep up with the concepts and assignments. But instead of giving up, I remembered how I overcame Dinosaur Island. I changed my study habits, moved to a quiet space in the library, and allocated small chunks of undisturbed time to learn. I also asked for help from my teacher and peers when I needed it. I applied the same persistence and perseverance that I learned from the game, and I was able to improve my performance and pass the course.

## Charterstone: A Lesson in Community Building

Charterstone is a game where you have to build your own village in a fantasy world. You have to collect resources, construct buildings, and unlock new features as you play. The game is very immersive and creative, and I loved it from the first time I played it. I loved building my own manufacturing centers using the materials provided by the game, which reflected my passion for innovation. I also loved the suspense of unlocking crates to get items that would enhance my village.

However, I made a mistake in this game. I was so focused on my own village that I ignored what other players were doing. I did not realize that every decision I made would affect the whole community. Each move had a consequence. For example, if I used up all the resources in one area, other players would not be able to use them. Or if I built a building that gave me an advantage, other players would lose out on it. By the end of the game, my village had the lowest points, and I felt disappointed.

This game taught me that community building is not just about myself, but about others as well. It taught me that I need to be aware of the needs and interests of other people, and work together with them for the common good. It taught me that cooperation is better than competition. So, I decided to change my attitude in real life. I started to look for opportunities to make a positive impact on my community. I started to volunteer at Forgotten Harvest, a local food bank that helps underprivileged families. There, I helped sort and pack food items, distribute them to the needy, and raise awareness about food insecurity issues. I have volunteered more than 100 hours so far, and have received the Presidential medal for my volunteer work. I plan to continue my activities to uplift my community.

### Cube Defenders: A Lesson in Creativity and Feedback

Cube Defenders is a game that I created myself. It is a tower defense game where you have to protect your base from waves of enemies using different types of cubes with special abilities. You can also upgrade your cubes and unlock new ones as you play. Creating this game was a dream come true for me. It was something that I always wanted to do since I was a kid.

Creating this game was not easy though. It required me to brainstorm, build, destroy, and design the game from scratch. It required me to research probability concepts and game theory fundamentals to improve the game playability. It required me to test and debug the game multiple times until it worked properly.

I faced many challenges along the way, such as failed map terrains, mismatched enemy powers, unclear instructions, and boring gameplay. But the biggest challenge was getting feedback from other people. When I first showed my game to my family, they did not enjoy it at all. They found it too hard or too easy or too confusing. They did not understand the rules or the goals or the strategies. They did not have fun with it.

This experience taught me the valuable lesson that I need to present a prototype early, so that I can get feedback from potential players and improve my game accordingly. I learned that feedback is essential for any creative project, and that I need to listen to it and act on it. I learned that feedback is not a criticism, but a way to make my game better.

I applied this lesson later in life when I did an internship at a video game company. There, I was assigned to create a “weapons shop” for a new game. I developed a prototype with various designs and user experience elements. I then invited my friends and peers to test it and give me feedback. I incorporated their feedback into my development, and was able to deliver a much better shop with added features. This boosted my confidence, and made me proud of my work.

### Conclusion

Board games are not just pieces of cardboard and plastic, but windows into different worlds and stories. They are not just games, but teachers. They have shaped my life in many ways, and have influenced me in many aspects. They have taught me persistence, perseverance, community building, creativity, and feedback. They have inspired me to pursue my passions, and challenged me to grow as a person. They have made me who I am today, and I hope they will continue to do so in the future.

