---
layout: post
title: Level Creation for Roblox Game
date: May 4th, 2021
description: "Enhancing User Experience in Space Nights Game: Creating an intresting enviorment for players to expereince"
tags: fromation world-building creativity
categories: algorithms
giscus_comments: true
related_posts: false
---


Designing a level for Roblox game "Space Knights"


Designing a level for the game “Space Knights” on the Roblox platform was a challenging task for me. I initially thought that creating a level is to add different buildings in different locations. However, I soon realized that there were many factors to consider when creating a level that would attract and retain players.
One of the most important aspects of level design was the placement of buildings. I had to decide where to put each building, how many of them to use, and what orientation they should have. I also had to make sure that the buildings made sense in the context of the game world and the gameplay. For example, I had to place the hospital, the storage centers, the city building and the power generators in locations that were logical and convenient for the players. I also had to align them with the roads and other elements of the environment.
I experimented with different layouts to test the effect on the player experience. I had to consider things like visibility, accessibility, navigation, interaction, and immersion. The challenge was the player's navigation. They should be able to see the buildings clearly, reach them easily, move around them smoothly, interact with them meaningfully, and feel immersed in them in a realistic way.
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/hello.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Above is the before pic of one of the sections made for the game.
</div>
Once I had the layout done ,I shared it with other players and testers. I got valuable feedback that helped me improve my design. They liked the variety of buildings, the aesthetic appeal, and the gameplay balance of the level.They pointed out issues that I had overlooked, such as collision detection, lighting effects, sound effects, and performance optimization. 
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/hello.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Above is the after pic of one of the sections made for the game after taking in the feedback and crticism offered by my peers.
</div>

This journey taught me about player retention and level design. I learned how to balance aesthetics and functionality, how to create a coherent and immersive game world, and how to use feedback and testing to improve my work. I also learned how to use the Roblox platform effectively, as it offered many tools and resources that helped me create my level. I learned how to use the Roblox Studio editor, the Roblox scripting language Lua, the Roblox asset library, and the Roblox community forums.

```
